In step 11, we are going to configure the WP config file, please refer to the WP config lecture.
You need to check the ownership and permissions in the event that you are installing caching or security
plug ins, as well as modified the WP config file to allow for automatic call updates.
You can change to your site's public underscore HTML directory and then open WP config using nano.
You can scroll down to the end of the file and add the WP Auto Update Core constant.
You can then Xanana saving your changes.
You also need to be aware of the permissions on the WP config file.
Currently it's set at six forfour.
If you install any security or any caching plugins, change the permissions to six, six four and then
change it back to six forfour.
When you are done, when you install certain plugins that need to write to the WP config file, you
will also need to change the permissions of the public.
Underscore HTML two seven seven five, then change it back again to seven FA five.